1.How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
You can keep track of all changes done and that gives
you an opportunity to undone some changes(BUGS) for the things
to work properly again.
2.How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
That way I will be able to see how I fix some things in order to use it in
my other projects or just refresh in memory what was the way I fixed that bugs
or issues in my project.
3.What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Pros: 1) all commits are logically organised;
2) I can easily navigate through the history to find the particular change.
Cons: 1) I can lose all changes I've been working on, if not save;
2) I should bother and do it manually.
4.Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, 
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Maybe that happens cause Git was designed with an idea of code version-control, when
one project we are working on has multiple files, cause they are connected and a change in one file
is likely to cause a change in another file, it's vital to see them change together, not just separately.
5.How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
I can use git log in order to see all the previous commits that have been made.
And git diff is for seeing the difference between two commits (deletions and insertions made).
6.How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
First, it makes the fear of losing something really important go away. You are always sure of the
possibility to make everything go back and return to the previous "unbugged" state.
7.Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
First I want to use it for tracking all changes I make to my projects and to learn how
to collaborate with other people, who work on the same project as me.